what is going on in buddy my name is
Connor where you guys can call me
superior hope you guys all having a
fantastic day today I'm super super
excited to kind of bring on this video
to you guys because me personally I
don't understand supply to ups you know
all I do is run around the map like an
idiot and then a little like it at this
time of your little heart pops up on the
bottom of screen and says Supply Drop
earned or something like that so that's
all I really know about it then I open
it and then I get enlisted knee pads
like 10 times out of 10 so hopefully
today we can kind of you know stick our
toe in the water a little bit more and
figure out a little bit more about
supply drops and we can all understand
it and hopefully if all works out we can
find out some ways to increase our
chances it's doubtful but we're going
we're going to take a look at some
Supply Drop statistic now popping up on
your screen right now you're going to
see some Supply Drop probability
information now a recent study was done
in high schoolers around America no I'm
kidding but a study was done about kind
about the supplies our probability and
what you're most likely to get inside of
and everything like that and you're
going to see that it listed items our
fifty five percent chance to get into
supplies if that means one in every to
at least is going to be an enlisted item
and that's absolute garbage and listed I
don't want anything enlisted or that's a
lie about the ak-12 hair trigger which
I've never gotten and the Moores quick
bowl with which are both enlisted
weapons what they are extremely
extremely hard to get professional items
are thirty percent which is better you
know there are some decent professionals
out there and then elite to think that
everyone strives for every single day
that everyone is praying for every
waking moment of every day is fifteen
percent now that is extremely extremely
low at least compared to enlisted and I
had a personal I'd rather have elite be
fifty five percent enlisted be 15
because i don't want to enlisted but i
do want elite now if my math is correct
with fifteen percent chance getting
elite that is about one in every six or
seven supply drops you should be getting
something elite but here's the thing
okay not every single supply drop do you
get a gun in it you get um a cool helmet
in or something like that you know there
are other things such as guns
reinforcements a parallel
like that we're going to take a look at
that right here now so guns are a
35-percent chances you're going to get a
weapon in and you know whether being
enlisted weapon a professional weapon or
an elite weapon I don't really know
obviously this is kind of like rolling
two dice the first ice it's obviously
extremely like weighted dice enlist is
going to be fifty five percent but it's
kind of like the first dice roll since
he forget enlisted professional or elite
and then once that's decided it'll roll
for the guns reinforcements or apparel
and that eventually it'll be like okay
he gotten an enlisted apparel here's
some fucking knee pads which already of
like 50,000 of and I always redeem them
but you know point is that's kind of
like the concept behind it like I said
obviously the dice is extremely waited
if the enlisted can be fifty five
percent and the elite can only be 15 so
anyway the reinforcement is twenty
percent and reinforcements let me tell
you I don't think there's ever been a
single time I called in my
reinforcements and actually got it and
used it and thought wow that was a
productive use of time so whenever I get
in reinforced sense whether it's
enlisted professional early I never
touch it never use it that can just get
out of my inventory too wasted it's a
waste of a little thing that's going to
pop in the bottom right of my screen I
just read them I have that there and
then apparel apparel forty five percent
I don't want any apparel ever this is
just in the game it's a part of the game
it's what we have to deal with and I did
a little bit of math for you guys I did
some math and I combined the enlisted
and the imperil to see the chance of you
getting an enlisted imperil and it comes
out to be about twenty four percent so
nearly one in every for Supply Drop
items you get is kind of being enlisted
apparel and how depressing is that
because personally I feel like that's
all I get I feel like it's like every
single Supply Drop is a piece of
enlisted apparel but this is just like
this proves the fact that like all i get
is enlisted d-pad so it does get kind of
old getting that so much but I mean it's
part of the game it's what we have to
deal with so you know I even even an
elite a pair would be better than that
but sadly you know I can't really pick
what I get so you know I just I just
take what I get redeem it for XP if it's
shitty now there's one more thing I kind
of want to talk about in this video
about supply drops and that was kind of
like the chances of getting a certain
gun so you see
elite in the lead guns there's an eleven
percent chance of getting an elite
weapon in a Supply Drop and I kind of
wanted to think about this because if
there's an eleven percent chance of
getting an elite weapon in a Supply Drop
and there are like let's just say
they're forty guns in the game there's
no way that if I get that forty percent
or know that eleven percent 40 times
that I'm going to get every single elite
weapon in the game because I definitely
think there is something in the game or
something that makes better weapons or
better elite guns rare and more
difficult to get than the traditional
like elite crossbows or something like
that that I showcase to my video the
other day because I feel like Italy
cross for an elite launcher or some
elite s 12 shotgun or something like
that is way more popular and if you're
going to get an elite gun it's like
ninety percent going to be that and like
point five percent going to be an
obsidian steed so not really sure how
that works or what that probability is
that would obviously be an extremely
long and like difficult study to figure
out you know what the actual probability
of getting an obsidian ste dracut I'll
rip it a Supply Drop but I definitely
think there is something in the game
that makes you no better weapons like
the ASM one for the VA el 27 or a k-12
way more difficult to get elite weapons
for other than something like a crossbow
or you know bad shotgun or a secondary
pistol or something like that so like I
said I can't really test that out
because that is a lot of lot of work and
you literally need like thousands of
supply drops that you know conduct an
accurate study so that's obviously not
possible just by myself so maybe I can
work on that for a future if you guys
did enjoy this video if you could go
ahead and click the thumbs up button I
would love you forever we do best
friends bestest friends and everything
so also subscribe for more advanced
warfare content drop a comment down
below on your opinions on this you know
maybe you guys knew a piece of
information that I didn't or maybe there
was something this video that I said
wrong or did wrong or something like
that and feel free to just express your
opinions in the comment section below
have a fantastic day everyone a
fantastic weekend everything like that I
will see you guys in another video soon
goodbye